Fix content treated as string after JSX comment inside expression (#895)
withastro/compiler: .changeset/lazy-beers-develop.md

---
'@astrojs/compiler': patch
---

> Fix issue where HTML and JSX comments lead to subsequent content being incorrectly treated as plain text when they have parent expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue where HTML and JSX comments lead to subsequent content being incorrectly treated as plain text when they have parent expressions.
```
